README.md, before:

# Shared Workflows

This repository is home to a wide range of caller workflows designed for interoperability across our terraform module repositories.

These platform-agnostic workflows are developed with the intent of streamlining a multitude of critical processes, such as the validation of terraform module deployments, thorough linting checks, and the automated creation of github releases.

Beyond their individual functionalities, these workflows collectively serve a bigger purpose. They form the structural backbone for maintaining good code quality, ensuring consistent deployment practices, and facilitating efficient release management across our diverse module repositories.

In doing so, they significantly enhance our operational efficiency, reduce manual error, and ensure that our development practices align with industry standards.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to this repository. Whether it's reporting a bug, proposing a new feature, or submitting a pull request, your contribution is greatly appreciated.

Commit message:

feat: change test to include more existing files to check

README.md, after:

# Shared Workflows

This repository is home to a wide range of caller workflows designed for interoperability across our terraform module repositories.

These platform-agnostic workflows are developed with the intent of streamlining a multitude of critical processes, such as the validation of terraform module deployments, thorough linting checks, and the automated creation of github releases.

Beyond their individual functionalities, these workflows collectively serve a bigger purpose. They form the structural backbone for maintaining good code quality, ensuring consistent deployment practices, and facilitating efficient release management across our diverse module repositories.

In doing so, they significantly enhance our operational efficiency, reduce manual error, and ensure that our development practices align with industry standards.

## Authors

Module is maintained by [these awesome contributors](https://github.com/cloudnationhq/terraform-azure-workflows/graphs/contributors).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's reporting a bug, suggesting a new feature, or submitting a pull request, your input is highly valued.

For more information, please see our contribution [guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

MIT Licensed. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for full details.
